on the Cavaliers trip to China LeBron
James took some time to think about the
effects of time travel I got a question
we took off on the 12 and your birthday
was October 213 did you miss it i miss
your birthday
mr. home for say no birthday oh your
birthday oh the protein would you have a
party here celebrated fly back home be
home at a 13th and then wake up on a
14-2 celebrated again like never has
your birthday fun meanwhile Orlando's
Dwight Howard ran into some cultural
differences sissy sissy say that the
angle of the CC nuggets training camp
Allen Iverson showed off his playful
side with running mate Carmelo Anthony
Cleveland head coach Mike Brown wasn't
so happy with owner Dan Gilbert's
interior decorating choices I don't know
what happened with the wall I walked in
and my wall is pink and you know I guess
that's the respect that the coaches did
when they make it to the finals mr.
Gilbert you got two seconds mr. Gilbert
you like to have yeah a nice serious
coach around and I come to work this
morning and I don't know I mean what
type of respect my only good for my
players with this and really I had
nothing I I just thought they were on
your favorite color that's what they
told me I don't really I don't really
know what's going on is this all going
on because we lost all four maybe if we
wouldn't want again yeah it's just uh it
was a little bit of an issue we haven't
talked about oh yeah we don't talk about
that I can i get my wall painting yeah I
can't but I don't know who really what I
mean it does come go with you you gotta
go see all those glasses at you okay
that's you know that's enough I'll find
out who did it trust me and when I do
here in trouble